all right what we have here is boosted
528 839 turbo I'll show you guys
I removed the head and this is what I
found underneath the head this is what
the cylinders the flake so you can see
that it doesn't look too good so
basically what I did was took off the
head which is over here and there it is
nice and clean ask my turbo manifold and
basically what we're going to do is
we're going to replace this head gasket
with
hold up should have had this ready but
with this head gasket the committee a
head gasket 1.40 should Rock the
compression down a little bit those are
my stuff intercooler pipes so getting
back to our so yeah what I'm going to
end up doing looks like I'm going to end
up deglazing the cylinders as you can
see there's a little pillow there pretty
glazed you know if you guys can see it
so Amanda pulling out the pistons today
wanting the cylinders re-ring the
Pistons putting the head gasket on and
putting it back together I have the AEM
standalone for the car am twin fire t6
t6 turbo metics turbo PWR intercooler
innovate wideband there goes the
wastegate there fill a lot of stuff back
there and that's it for now